Update Tornjak deployment docs (#288)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: examples/tornjak/README.md

> [!Warning]
> The current version of Tornjak in this chart is deployed without authentication. Therefore it is not suitable to run this version in production.

## Deploy CRDs

To install Tornjak with the least privileges possible we deploy SPIRE across 2 namespaces.
Create the namespaces explicitly then deploy required CRDs:

```shell
kubectl create namespace "spire-system"
kubectl label namespace "spire-system" pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged
kubectl create namespace "spire-server"

> kubectl label namespace "spire-server" pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=restricted

Reviewer: Now that we have the namespace creation bits in the chart, should we recommend here just using those?

Maybe though we should just recommend starting at the chart REAMDE.md instructions, getting it deployed, then coming back and`helm upgrad`ing the chart with the additional tornjak settings?

Author: Good suggestion. I switched the default install to use the namespace create and then referenced that from here

> [!Warning]
> The current version of Tornjak in this chart is deployed without authentication. Therefore it is not suitable to run this version in production.

## Deploy Standard SPIRE

> Follow the standard installation of SPIRE as described in [example/production](../production/README.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the production installation of SPIRE as described in the [install instructions] (https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/spiffe/spire) document.
```

## Upgrade to enable Tornjak

Before we can deploy Tornjak with SPIRE we need to decide whether the services would be
using direct access, Ingress, or some other method.

## Tornjak with Direct Access

This can be done using port-forward. For example, to start Tornjak APIs on port 10000

> 

Reviewer: It wont let me comment on the helm upgrade --install command below...

How about:
```
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire \
--repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ \
--set tornjak-frontend.apiServerURL=$TORNJAK_API \
--values examples/tornjak/values.yaml   \
--values your-values.yaml \
--render-subchart-notes
```

kubectl -n spire-server port-forward service/spire-tornjak-frontend 3000:3000
```

You can now access Tornjak with your browser at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

See [values.yaml](./values.yaml) for more details on the chart configurations to achieve this setup.

## Deploy Tornjak with ingress-nginx

Update your-values.yaml with your ingress information, most importantly, trustDomain, and redeploy
adding the following:

```shell
--set global.spire.ingressControllerType=ingress-nginx \
--values examples/tornjak/values-ingress.yaml
```

## Deploy Tornjak with Ingress on Openshift

Obtain the OpenShift Apps Subdomain for Ingress and assign it to environment variable:

```shell
export appdomain=$(oc get cm -n openshift-config-managed  console-public -o go-template="{{ .data.consoleURL }}" | sed 's@https://@@; s/^[^.]*\.//')

> echo $appdomain

Reviewer: Is there anything openshift specific anymore in the instructions? They start now from deploy without tornjak from the main install instructions, which include setting up for openshift. I think we might be able to remove this whole section?

Author: Well, we just need to pass the `appdomain` into `trustDomain`

```

So it can be passed as follow:

```shell
--set global.openshift=true \
--set global.spire.trustDomain=$appdomain \

> --set spire-server.ca_subject.common_name=$appdomain \

Reviewer: These values in particular now differ from https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spire-helm-charts-hardened-about/installation/#production-deployment

If we do need this section, could these be updated to more align with the other doc?

Author: Done. As long as the `trustDomain` matches the `adddomain` all works fine.

See [values.yaml](./values.yaml) for more details on the chart configurations to achieve this setup.

## Deploy Tornjak with ingress-nginx

> Update examples/production/example-your-values.yaml with your information, most importantly, trustDomain.

Reviewer: Still a reference to example-your-values.yaml here...

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire \
--repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ \
--values examples/tornjak/values.yaml \
--values examples/tornjak/values-ingress.yaml \
--set global.spire.ingressControllerType=ingress-nginx \
--values your-values.yaml \
--render-subchart-notes
```

## Tornjak and Ingress on Openshift

Obtain the OpenShift Apps Subdomain for Ingress
We will be using the OpenShift application subdomain during our deployment, so let's capture it now and create environment variable by executing the following command:

```shell
export appdomain=$(oc get cm -n openshift-config-managed  console-public -o go-template="{{ .data.consoleURL }}" | sed 's@https://@@; s/^[^.]*\.//')
echo $appdomain

> ```

Reviewer: Should we repeat this here since the main install instructions cover openshift now?

Same question with all the global.openshift / global.spire stuff below.

Author: I didn't see the reference to Openshift under the current documentation, but regardless, I think it is a good idea to show it here since the users would be doing an helm upgrade and they need the Ingress info to continue.

We can now use this variable during the installation of the SPIRE Helm charts.

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire \
--repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ \
--set global.openshift=true \
--set global.spire.trustDomain=$appdomain \
--set spire-server.ca_subject.common_name=$appdomain \

> --set spire-server.ingress.host=spire-server.$appdomain \

Reviewer: Everything is looking pretty good now.

Do we still need this bit though? Setting these values is already done, I think, in the base install instructions. Without these, its basically the same instructions for "Tornjak and Ingress" on Vanilla? Think they could be combined into one?

Author: I modified the text a little and since the main doc (spiffe.io) only briefly mentions the Openshift, I provided a useful example for the deployment
